DOCS-1192: Add CLI board commands (#2023)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/CLI.md

## Commands

### board

The `board` command allows you to manage your board definition files.
With it, you can upload new board definition files to the Viam app, download your existing board definition files, and list the files already uploaded.

> Board definition files are used to configure pin mappings for [`customlinux` boards](/components/board/customlinux/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use board definition files to configure pin mappings for [`customlinux` boards](/components/board/customlinux/).
```

> ```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
> viam board upload --name=<board name> --organization=<org name> --version=<definition file version> file.json
> viam board download --name=<board name> --organization=<org name> --version=<definition file version>
> viam board list --organization=<org name>
> ```

Reviewer: I think those are the same as below?
```suggestion
```

Author: The CLI page approach is:

```
# Usage with <placeholders>
```

Examples:

```
# Usage with examples
```

Similar to how we do JSON Template and JSON Example tabs for components. You can see this down in `module` or up in `data`.

Too similar to be of use though? I can remove if you like.

Author: Gonna ship with this per elsewhere on page, but agreed that we can certainly revisit this approach!

Examples:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
# upload a new board definition file named 'my-board' with version '1.0.0' for org 'my-org'
viam board upload --name=my-board --organization=my-org --version=1.0.0 my-board.json

# download an existing board definition file named 'my-board' at version '1.0.0' for org 'my-org'
viam board download --name=my-board --organization=my-org --version=1.0.0

# list all available board definition files for org 'my-org'
viam board list --organization=my-org
```

#### Command options

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
|        command option     |       description      | positional arguments
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| `upload`      | upload a new board definition file to the Viam app | **board definition file** : provide the board definition file to upload, in JSON form. |
| `download`      | download an existing board definition file | - |
| `list`      | list available board definition files | - |
| `--help`      | return help      | - |

##### Named arguments

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
|        argument     |       description | applicable commands | required
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |

> | `--name`      | output directory for downloaded data       |`upload`, `download`|true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--name`      | output directory for downloaded data       | `upload`, `download` | true |
```

> | `--organization`      | organization name to upload, download, or list board definition files from      |`upload`, `download`, `list`|true |
> | `--version`      | version of the board definition file to tag the upload with, or to specifically download. Defaults to latest if not set.    |`upload`, `download`|true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--organization`      | organization name to upload, download, or list board definition files from      | `upload`, `download`, `list` | true |
| `--version`      | version of the board definition file to tag the upload with, or to specifically download. Defaults to latest if not set.    | `upload`, `download` | true |
```
